So we've got a little bit of a version
of that of the exercise here, right?
We've got a cow that
we're keeping in a hook.
Nothing surprising here.
It knows that it's a number.
It's expecting a number.
The things that we've kinda seen before.
Some of the extra bonus things I
did just to kinda make a point.
Was pulling out the functions or
updating the state.
In this case, you do need to say
that it is in fact a number,
cuz these functions aren't aware of
where they're going to be used right?
So again, with TypeScript,
we, if TypeScript,
if isn't painfully obvious to
TypeScript what's happening.
Then we just simply need
to explain our intent.
So in this case,
these two increment decrement functions,
because any of the use state
hooks will also take a function.
They're used down here as well.
They're outside of the component,
there outside of all the context.
These could be in a separate
file somewhere else, right?
It could be a third party library,
that you installed to increment,
decrement numbers.
As JavaScript, we all know that
there's probably a library.
So, in this way we say as a number,
TypeScript has figured out,
then it returns a number as I kind
of joked in the very beginning,
which is, if it takes a number
you're adding one to it.
It can look that all possibilities
of this function will always
return a number no matter what.
Great.
There's interesting part here, that I
wanna kinda take a look at for a second,
is this change count?
Cuz right now we have effectively
a not dissimilar version from,
we saw the class based example.
The interesting part of
the class base example was,
we had it in a method on the class.
Here we have it in a helper function.
What would happen now, if we in lined it,
just like we did with the increment and
decrement ones here as well?
So I'm actually gonna
make a second version of
this input field just
to demonstrate a point.
And I'm gonna grab this function and
I'm going to inline it.
And we'll face it right in there.
And you can see it works.
The interesting part is,
because it's an inline function,
on and on change,
handler on an input element,
we can actually get rid of
all this extra information.
Right?
But didn't you tell me
that I had to define it?
Yeah, cuz before, this is just a function
that we're storing in a variable name.
It doesn't touch, you can't figure out
the context in which it's gonna be called.
So, we have to just say listen,
this is roughly where I expect to use.
It just protects me from myself please.
Going down here,
you can see that it assumes,
since you have put it on a change handler,
an input element
that the event is a change event
on an input handler, right?
So it basically, does what we think
it's going to do in this case.